hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a comedy horror film: "Witching & Bitching"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
Adam's hormone partner Eva, rides a motorcycle through the forest in a cool and carefree way
she pulls up in front of a stump to meet up with two witches
Eva's Granny, a grey-haired witch(Granny) is using cards for divination
and concludes that a good fortune is underway
in a Spanish city, José and his gaggle of accomplices show up to an event
dressed in miscellaneous fancy costumes
José comes as "Jesus", with his body painted silver
while his partner in crime Antonio arrives as a toy soldier, resplendent in green
along with them are SpongeBob, Minnie Mouses, Headless Man, and a few
José and Antonio are moving towards their targeted pawnshop slowly
as soon as José's son (Son) calls him from the pawnshop
José steps inside to start the robbery
José takes out a gun from his cross to fire at the glass shelves
and threatens the shop assistants to fill his bag with gold rings
Antonio joins José in the action and blames him for bringing his damned son
José only gets custody of him once a week
so it seems logical to take him along on a pawn shop hold-up
in fact, the robbery is staged to pay his alimony and provide for his son
at this moment, a security guard senses something is wrong
and approaches the shop for inspection
to stop the guard's intervention, SpongeBob dashes over to shoot the guard down
the tourists are thrown into chaos and evacuate in all directions
the policemen who are patrolling the street come at once and kill SpongeBob
Patrick Star hugs SpongeBob and cries while the rest of the characters flee the crime scene
distracted by various escapees, the cops do not notice the shop door, which opens quietly
at gunpoint, José, Antonio, and Son hijack a taxi cab and take the police on a chase
the taxi initially carries the driver (Driver) and a noisy stout passenger (Passenger)
who ends up being thrown into the trunk
Driver plans to escape the horrid journey
but after hearing José and Antonio's fear and hatred of women, he opts in for the risk
it turns out José is in conflict with his ex-wife (Ex-wife) over the custody of their Son
Antonio is terrified of his more horny girlfriend and unable to feed her hormone appetites
Driver is also adamant, being constantly bad-mouthed
by a tea-meeting conspiracy of his mother, sister, and wife
united by a deep sense of unease and insecurity regarding women
the crew are heading to the Spanish border
back to the police's investigation
the arrested culprits reveal more details for the armed robbery that happened previously
Antonio first discovered many divorced couples selling their wedding rings at the gold exchange
so they kidnapped the original costumed characters, dumped them into the sewer
and replaced them for the show
with some clues found, the police notify Ex-wife of the crime
she visits the police station and identifies her son from the surveillance video
however, as José is painted from head to toe, the cops cannot recognize his face
therefore, they request Ex-wife to provide some photos of José
to their dismay, Ex-wife does not keep any traces of José
even his face is ripped out of every picture
in response to the police's slow actions, Ex-wife goes after her son using her cellphone
two cops in charge of the case have to follow Ex-wife in panic
after a bumpy ride, the crew come to the witch Granny's restaurant
when Driver goes to dump his shit, he sees a rolling eye staring at him in the toilet bowl
and leaves the bathroom in terror
when asked which town they will ride into next, Granny tells them it is Zugarramurdi
Driver is more afraid now, for Zugarramurdi is an old village populated by witches
however, Granny dismisses such myths
Son alone plays around outside the restaurant and is brought back by a grandpa (Grandpa)
Driver notices a woman handling a broken leg in the kitchen
and cannot wait to leave the restaurant
what is funny is that the two cops tailing Ex-wife also lament their lot at the hands of women
due to all the terrible things he knows about Zugarramurdi, Driver refuses to go further
he recalls his uncomfortable experience at the restaurant
but José slaps him and warns him not to scare his son with ghost stories
Driver has no choice but drives the car slowly into the fog
all of a sudden, their car crashes into the wandering Granny
Antonio checks her health status by touching her neck, but Driver and José stop him
when they are debating what to do, the witch vanishes without their notice
José learns from his son that the witch flies off in the dark
everyone hurries back to the cab and move on with their journey
as their car safely leaves Zugarramurdi, another woman stands in their way
she is a 40-year-old lady searching for her mother and pleads for a hitchhike
the crew then sends her to a huge castle
where they are met with cool and leather-clad Eva, Adam's hormone partner
it turns out that the middle-aged lady is Eva's mom (Mom)
Antonio immediately falls for Eva, but Eva is more interested in José, the "Jesus"
they do not intend to stay, but as Son disappears, José enters the castle to look for him
Antonio, fascinated by Eva, wants to spend more time with her
so Driver is forced to step into the castle with the rest
love sparks off between Eva and José
and they almost fall into a tongue massage in Antonio's presence
Antonio has to remind José that Son is missing in action
while the two enjoy their hormone interactions with Eva, Driver is filled with fears alone
at the kitchen, they find Son being stripped off his clothes, tied up, and placed in the oven
Granny even stuffs an apple into Son's mouth, making him like a turkey to be roasted
José rescues his Son at once and leaves the castle although Eva apologizes to him
on the way, they dump Passenger on the side of the road
as their car approaches the custom, José orders Driver to return to the witch's house
for he has accidentally left the loot there
after they make the u-turn, they put the passenger back into the trunk
José and Antonio sneak into the castle while Son and Driver remain in the cab
while exploring the castle, Antonio chances upon Eva posing sultrily in her bikini
seeing Antonio losing his senses, José awakens him that they must find the golden rings
later, they realize that the bag of treasure is left in the kitchen
when José grabs hold of the loot, he also grabs the attention of Mom and Granny
needless to say, the four of them start a fierce fight
Mom and Granny crawl on the ceiling freely like spiders
after firing a few shots, José and Antonio run to the exit
but are soon captured and tortured by the witches with their long juicy tongues
there is no peace for the cab, either
Eva hops onto the window of the car, sending a shiver down the Driver's spines
Driver starts the car in an attempt to get rid of Eva
unfortunately, they crash into a tree and are forced to alight
Eva continues to pursue them and eventually brings back Driver and Passenger
on the other side, Ex-wife visits the restaurant and talks with Grandpa for information
however, she has to rush out due to the toilet harassment
the police officers want to call for help, but poor reception kills off their hope
so they continue to follow Ex-wife with complaints and grumbles
in the castle, José, Antonio, Driver, and Passenger
are tied up to the chairs in the dining hall
Eva, Adam's hormone partner, does not forget to seduce José while setting the table
Mom takes a stroll on the ceiling and invites her fellow witch friends to the dinner
and mentions something about the holy child
Son alone walks out from the frost in a blanket and tries to flag down a car for help
in fact, it is Ex-wife's car, but she is too busy to notice her own son
even worse, the policemen behind her also ignore the son
mistaking him as a hairless wild boar
unfortunately, Son stops Granny's car and thus is kidnapped by Granny and Grandpa
and pushed into the car loaded with frozen human limbs
in the castle, Eva plucks out Passenger's teeth and almost strangles him to death
terrified by such violence, José secretly takes a knife to cut Antonio's rope
but because he cannot use his hand freely, he cuts into Antonio's arm
and thus creating more pain for him
Ex-wife finally notices her son sitting in the witch's car and alerts the cops to help out
the trio break into the castle via a secret passage
and climbs all the way up to a space above the ceiling
at this time, Eva is serving her guests with a plate of fried human fingers
seeing his fingers all turned into food
Passenger groans with fear, and three other men squeeze their brains for solutions
Driver advises José to flirt with Eva and win her over with hormones
shortly after, Granny, Grandpa, Son, and a dozen of other witches walk into the dining hall
as the host, Mom declares the opening of her dinner party
addressing the witches, she criticizes existing religions
and condemns man for being useless creatures
they are looking forward to the holy child to be born through the holy virgin
and overthrow the men's world by the holy child
previous rituals have all failed, and this will be the 32nd ritual they are holding
but Mom is confident in the upcoming ceremony
because the child has come with a full bag of wedding rings
the source of power which they need
now the two officers and Ex-wife have reached the ceiling above the dining hall
however, the ceiling is too weak to hold their weight
so they end up falling onto the dining table
in the chaos, José, Antonio, and Driver rip off the rope
and fight their way out against many witches
the dinner is then turned into a fierce fight
unlucky Ex-wife is captured by the witches
and forced to consume some tainted toad juice and Passenger's smelly ear
by doing so, they successfully turn Ex-wife into a witch
meanwhile, Eva rescues José, but she is disappointed with the frigidity of his manner
José confesses his love to the horny Eva, but she is not pleased
and she even slaps José so hard that he almost falls over the railing
to calm her down, José suddenly gives Eva a passionate tongue massage
after the massage however,  Eva is filled so full with hormones
that she cannot release a tantrum anymore
so she rolls on the ground as hard as she could
José then seizes the opportunity to flee the scene
and makes his way into the underground chamber
in the meantime, Antonio and Driver are painstakingly finding their way out
little do they know that hordes of witches are waiting for them ahead
in the underground chamber, José runs into Eva's brother (Brother)
who has been imprisoned by Mom for a few decades
constant humidity makes Brother's skin rot and peel away
the lonely and poor man hugs José  and sheds tears of joy
back to the rituals, Mom has put on her luxurious Wizard Robe
and other witches are busy making necessary preparations
enraged by Eva's fall for José, Mom puts her in a coffin and leaves her in the tunnel
José frees Brother from his shackles, and the two of them rush to the event to save Son
on the way, they discover Eva and takes her out of the coffin
Brother teases Eva as she pays such a heavy price for her romance
but José refuses to untie Eva
at the ritual chamber, the two cops, Antonio, and Driver are put up on poles
to be lit as human candles
at such a depressing moment, one cop declares his hormone fetish for another cop
Mom makes fun of the bible verse and arouses the support of countless witches
moments later, Grandpa places a huge plate and fork on the table
and Ex-wife sets Son on the plate
in the singing of the witches, Mom flies up to wander above the cave
right then, with the ground shaking
an ugly goddess resembling afertility statue (Goddess) makes her grand entry
Brother and José arrive in time to witness Goddess swallowing down Son right away
the struggling Son passes through her throat, chest, intestine
and leaves her smelly body tainted with mucus
with this, Mom declares that Son is the hermaphrodite holy child
who will lead them to victory over men
hearing Son calling José daddy, Goddess picks up Brother and swallows him in one gulp
to everyone's surprise, Eva appears without chains
and claims that she knows how to defeat Goddess
as soon as Goddess grabs hold of José
Eva jumps up to her head and uncoils the rope around her head
that makes the grotesque gargantuan monster fall on the bonfire, naked and in agony
after spitting out Brother, Goddess stumbles her way out of the cave
crashing into the two cops, Antonio and Driver, before trampling Granny to death
another battle between man and witches begins
José tries to hold his son
but only to get mucus thrown up in his face and knocked off by Mom's wand
but Eva takes Son from Mom and attacks her without mercy
in the end, Eva manages to kill her mom by smashing her wand into pieces
as a result, all the witches scream hard at her death
strangely enough, Ex-wife starts to punch José without stop
when José is on the verge of dying, Brother saves him by hitting Ex-wife with an iron cylinder
eventually, the survivors leave the hell raised by the witches
one month later, Son and a little girl are doing a magic show at school
José and Eva show up together to support Son
Antonio boldly tells his girlfriend to take a break from her crazy work schedule
the two cops are chatting about where to go for holidays
when the magic show ends, the little girl spits out green mucus from her mouth
Ex-wife, Mom, and Granny also attend the show and enjoy it much
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out